
# Twitter Data Fetcher WITHOUT API

This Python script allows you to scrape tweet data from a specified Twitter account using Selenium. The script navigates to the Twitter account, scrolls through the tweets, and collects data such as the content, likes, retweets, comments, and timestamps. The collected data is then saved to an Excel file in a designated outputs folder.

### Please aware that most of the codes are generated by ChatGPT(GPT4.0)

## Prerequisites

Before you can run the script, make sure you have the following installed:

- Python 3
- Google Chrome
- Chrome WebDriver


Additionally, you will need to install the necessary Python libraries. You can install these using the provided `requirements.txt` file:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Libraries used in the script

```
selenium
pandas
tqdm
```

## Usage

To use the script, follow these steps:

1. Update the `account_username` variable in the script to the Twitter handle of the account you want to scrape.
2. Execute the script. When the browser window opens, log in to Twitter manually.
3. The script will begin to scroll through the account's tweets and collect data. Progress will be displayed in the terminal.
4. Once the script has finished running, the collected data will be saved to an Excel file in the outputs folder. The file name will include the account name and a timestamp.

## Customization

You can modify the script to change the number of tweets fetched by updating the `NUM_TWEETS_TO_FETCH` variable. Additionally, the script includes error handling that can be adjusted based on your preferences.

## Note

- The script requires manual login to Twitter to respect their authentication process.
- Depending on the account type, Twitter may impose different limits on the number of tweets you can fetch.
- Always use this script responsibly and ethically, respecting Twitter's terms of service.

### Please be aware of the following limits

- Users with Twitter Blue checkmark: View tweet limit 10,000
- Regular Twitter users: View tweet limit 1,000
- New Twitter users: View tweet limit 500

After you passed the limit, your account won't be able to read any tweets for about 10 minutes.  

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE.md file for details.
